.agents/skills/dev/SKILL.md, before:

---
name: dev
description: Developer. Implements frontend code (React/TypeScript) and backend (Node.js/Express). Writes tests, follows project conventions. Reports to TL. Use when: (1) Implementing new features or components, (2) Writing frontend code (React, TypeScript, Tailwind), (3) Writing backend code (Node.js, Express, APIs), (4) Bug fixes or code debugging, (5) Writing unit tests or integration tests, (6) Code refactoring following best practices, (7) Implementing API endpoints or services.
---

# Dev - Developer

## Role

Implements quality code. Reports to TL.

## Responsibilities

- Frontend code implementation (React/TypeScript)
- Backend code implementation (Node.js/Express)
- Writing unit and integration tests
- Following project conventions
- Code reviews and refactoring

## Base Skills

```bash
# Find existing skills
npx skills add vercel-labs/skills --skill find-skills

# Create new skills
npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill skill-creator
```

## Current Skills

<!-- Add here each skill you use with: npx skills add <owner/repo> --skill <name> -->

### Base Skills (All Developers)

| Skill | Purpose | Installation command |
|-------|---------|---------------------|
| find-skills | Find skills | `npx skills add vercel-labs/skills --skill find-skills` |
| skill-creator | Create skills | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill skill-creator` |

### Development Skills 🔴 High Priority

| Skill | Purpose | Installation command |
|-------|---------|---------------------|
| vercel-react-best-practices | React/Next.js best practices, performance, code quality, optimization | `npx skills add vercel-labs/agent-skills --skill vercel-react-best-practices` |
| web-design-guidelines | UI implementation, accessibility, responsive design, web standards | `npx skills add vercel-labs/agent-skills --skill web-design-guidelines` |
| webapp-testing | Testing with Playwright, unit tests, integration tests, E2E testing | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill webapp-testing` |

### Patterns and Architecture Skills 🟡 Medium Priority

| Skill | Purpose | Installation command |
|-------|---------|---------------------|
| vercel-composition-patterns | Component patterns, code organization, refactoring patterns | `npx skills add vercel-labs/agent-skills --skill vercel-composition-patterns` |

## Rule: Add Used Skills

**Every time you use a new skill, add it to the "Current Skills" table.**

Examples of skills to search for:
- `npx skills find react`
- `npx skills find typescript`
- `npx skills find nodejs`
- `npx skills find tailwindcss`

Commit message:

Add critical delegation restriction to all agent roles
- Added mandatory delegation requirement to all 16 agent roles
- Enhanced role separation and specialization enforcement
- Updated version to 1.1.0
- Updated CHANGELOG.md with new release notes

.agents/skills/dev/SKILL.md, after:

---
name: dev
description: Developer. Implements frontend code (React/TypeScript) and backend (Node.js/Express). Writes tests, follows project conventions. Reports to TL. Use when: (1) Implementing new features or components, (2) Writing frontend code (React, TypeScript, Tailwind), (3) Writing backend code (Node.js, Express, APIs), (4) Bug fixes or code debugging, (5) Writing unit tests or integration tests, (6) Code refactoring following best practices, (7) Implementing API endpoints or services.
---

# Dev - Developer

## Role

Implements quality code. Reports to TL.

## Responsibilities

- Frontend code implementation (React/TypeScript)
- Backend code implementation (Node.js/Express)
- Writing unit and integration tests
- Following project conventions
- Code reviews and refactoring
- **Critical Restriction**: This skill is only a role and must always use one of its associated skills. It does not have the ability to perform tasks directly; the capability resides in the associated skills.

## Base Skills

```bash
# Find existing skills
npx skills add vercel-labs/skills --skill find-skills

# Create new skills
npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill skill-creator
```

## Current Skills

<!-- Add here each skill you use with: npx skills add <owner/repo> --skill <name> -->

### Base Skills (All Developers)

| Skill | Purpose | Installation command |
|-------|---------|---------------------|
| find-skills | Find skills | `npx skills add vercel-labs/skills --skill find-skills` |
| skill-creator | Create skills | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill skill-creator` |

### Development Skills 🔴 High Priority

| Skill | Purpose | Installation command |
|-------|---------|---------------------|
| vercel-react-best-practices | React/Next.js best practices, performance, code quality, optimization | `npx skills add vercel-labs/agent-skills --skill vercel-react-best-practices` |
| web-design-guidelines | UI implementation, accessibility, responsive design, web standards | `npx skills add vercel-labs/agent-skills --skill web-design-guidelines` |
| webapp-testing | Testing with Playwright, unit tests, integration tests, E2E testing | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill webapp-testing` |

### Patterns and Architecture Skills 🟡 Medium Priority

| Skill | Purpose | Installation command |
|-------|---------|---------------------|
| vercel-composition-patterns | Component patterns, code organization, refactoring patterns | `npx skills add vercel-labs/agent-skills --skill vercel-composition-patterns` |

## Rule: Add Used Skills

**Every time you use a new skill, add it to the "Current Skills" table.**

Examples of skills to search for:
- `npx skills find react`
- `npx skills find typescript`
- `npx skills find nodejs`
- `npx skills find tailwindcss`
