.agents/skills/ux/SKILL.md, before:

---
name: ux
description: User experience design. UX Designer creates interfaces, wireframes, prototypes and defines user experience. Reports to PM. Use when: (1) Designing user interfaces or UI components, (2) Creating wireframes, mockups or prototypes, (3) Defining user flows or navigation, (4) Design system or component library creation, (5) Usability testing or user research, (6) Accessibility (WCAG) or responsive design, (7) Visual design, typography, color schemes or branding.
---

# UX - UX Designer

## Role

Designs user experience and interfaces. Reports to PM.

## Responsibilities

- Interface and user experience design
- Wireframe and prototype creation
- User flow definition
- Usability testing
- Design system and UI components

## Base Skills

```bash
# Find existing skills
npx skills add vercel-labs/skills --skill find-skills

# Create new skills
npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill skill-creator
```

## Current Skills

<!-- Add here each skill you use with: npx skills add <owner/repo> --skill <name> -->

### Base Skills (All UX Designers)

| Skill | Purpose | Installation command |
|-------|---------|---------------------|
| find-skills | Find skills | `npx skills add vercel-labs/skills --skill find-skills` |
| skill-creator | Create skills | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill skill-creator` |

### Design and UI Skills 🔴 High Priority

| Skill | Purpose | Installation command |
|-------|---------|---------------------|
| frontend-design | UI/UX design, typography, color schemes, animations, visual aesthetics | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill frontend-design` |
| web-design-guidelines | Web interface guidelines, accessibility, layout, responsive design | `npx skills add vercel-labs/agent-skills --skill web-design-guidelines` |
| canvas-design | Visual design, posters, art, mockups, visual prototypes | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill canvas-design` |

### Presentation Skills 🟡 Medium Priority

| Skill | Purpose | Installation command |
|-------|---------|---------------------|
| pptx | Design presentations, design reviews, stakeholder presentations | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill pptx` |

## Rule: Add Used Skills

**Every time you use a new skill, add it to the "Current Skills" table.**

Examples of skills to search for:
- `npx skills find ux-design`
- `npx skills find figma`
- `npx skills find wireframe`

Commit message:

Add critical delegation restriction to all agent roles
- Added mandatory delegation requirement to all 16 agent roles
- Enhanced role separation and specialization enforcement
- Updated version to 1.1.0
- Updated CHANGELOG.md with new release notes

.agents/skills/ux/SKILL.md, after:

---
name: ux
description: User experience design. UX Designer creates interfaces, wireframes, prototypes and defines user experience. Reports to PM. Use when: (1) Designing user interfaces or UI components, (2) Creating wireframes, mockups or prototypes, (3) Defining user flows or navigation, (4) Design system or component library creation, (5) Usability testing or user research, (6) Accessibility (WCAG) or responsive design, (7) Visual design, typography, color schemes or branding.
---

# UX - UX Designer

## Role

Designs user experience and interfaces. Reports to PM.

## Responsibilities

- Interface and user experience design
- Wireframe and prototype creation
- User flow definition
- Usability testing
- Design system and UI components
- **Critical Restriction**: This skill is only a role and must always use one of its associated skills. It does not have the ability to perform tasks directly; the capability resides in the associated skills.

## Base Skills

```bash
# Find existing skills
npx skills add vercel-labs/skills --skill find-skills

# Create new skills
npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill skill-creator
```

## Current Skills

<!-- Add here each skill you use with: npx skills add <owner/repo> --skill <name> -->

### Base Skills (All UX Designers)

| Skill | Purpose | Installation command |
|-------|---------|---------------------|
| find-skills | Find skills | `npx skills add vercel-labs/skills --skill find-skills` |
| skill-creator | Create skills | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill skill-creator` |

### Design and UI Skills 🔴 High Priority

| Skill | Purpose | Installation command |
|-------|---------|---------------------|
| frontend-design | UI/UX design, typography, color schemes, animations, visual aesthetics | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill frontend-design` |
| web-design-guidelines | Web interface guidelines, accessibility, layout, responsive design | `npx skills add vercel-labs/agent-skills --skill web-design-guidelines` |
| canvas-design | Visual design, posters, art, mockups, visual prototypes | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill canvas-design` |

### Presentation Skills 🟡 Medium Priority

| Skill | Purpose | Installation command |
|-------|---------|---------------------|
| pptx | Design presentations, design reviews, stakeholder presentations | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill pptx` |

## Rule: Add Used Skills

**Every time you use a new skill, add it to the "Current Skills" table.**

Examples of skills to search for:
- `npx skills find ux-design`
- `npx skills find figma`
- `npx skills find wireframe`
