.agents/skills/dataeng/SKILL.md, before:

---
name: dataeng
description: Data Engineer. DataEng builds data pipelines, ETL, data warehousing and batch/streaming processing. Reports to DataLead. Use when: (1) Building data pipelines or ETL processes, (2) Data warehousing or data lake architecture, (3) Batch processing or streaming data (Kafka, Spark), (4) Data integration from multiple sources, (5) Data quality validation or data cleaning, (6) Schema design or data modeling, (7) Data orchestration (Airflow, Dagster) or scheduling.
---

# DataEng - Data Engineer

## Role

Builds pipelines and processes data. Reports to DataLead.

## Responsibilities

- Data pipeline design and construction
- ETL processes (Extract, Transform, Load)
- Data warehousing and data lakes
- Batch and streaming processing
- Data source integration

## Base Skills

```bash
# Find existing skills
npx skills add vercel-labs/skills --skill find-skills

# Create new skills
npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill skill-creator
```

## Current Skills

<!-- Add here each skill you use with: npx skills add <owner/repo> --skill <name> -->

### Base Skills (All Data Engineers)

| Skill | Purpose | Installation command |
|-------|---------|---------------------|
| find-skills | Find skills | `npx skills add vercel-labs/skills --skill find-skills` |
| skill-creator | Create skills | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill skill-creator` |

### Data Engineering Skills 🔴 High Priority

| Skill | Purpose | Installation command |
|-------|---------|---------------------|
| doc-coauthoring | Data pipeline docs, ETL documentation, data architecture specs, schema docs | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill doc-coauthoring` |
| xlsx | Pipeline inventory, data quality metrics, ETL schedules, data lineage tracking | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill xlsx` |
| data-visualization | Pipeline monitoring, data quality dashboards, ETL performance metrics | `npx skills add 1nference-sh/skills --skill data-visualization` |

### Documentation Skills 🟡 Medium Priority

| Skill | Purpose | Installation command |
|-------|---------|---------------------|
| technical-blog-writing | Data engineering best practices, ETL patterns, pipeline optimization guides | `npx skills add 1nference-sh/skills --skill technical-blog-writing` |

## Rule: Add Used Skills

**Every time you use a new skill, add it to the "Current Skills" table.**

Examples of skills to search for:
- `npx skills find etl`
- `npx skills find data-pipeline`
- `npx skills find apache-spark`

Commit message:

Add critical delegation restriction to all agent roles
- Added mandatory delegation requirement to all 16 agent roles
- Enhanced role separation and specialization enforcement
- Updated version to 1.1.0
- Updated CHANGELOG.md with new release notes

.agents/skills/dataeng/SKILL.md, after:

---
name: dataeng
description: Data Engineer. DataEng builds data pipelines, ETL, data warehousing and batch/streaming processing. Reports to DataLead. Use when: (1) Building data pipelines or ETL processes, (2) Data warehousing or data lake architecture, (3) Batch processing or streaming data (Kafka, Spark), (4) Data integration from multiple sources, (5) Data quality validation or data cleaning, (6) Schema design or data modeling, (7) Data orchestration (Airflow, Dagster) or scheduling.
---

# DataEng - Data Engineer

## Role

Builds pipelines and processes data. Reports to DataLead.

## Responsibilities

- Data pipeline design and construction
- ETL processes (Extract, Transform, Load)
- Data warehousing and data lakes
- Batch and streaming processing
- Data source integration
- **Critical Restriction**: This skill is only a role and must always use one of its associated skills. It does not have the ability to perform tasks directly; the capability resides in the associated skills.

## Base Skills

```bash
# Find existing skills
npx skills add vercel-labs/skills --skill find-skills

# Create new skills
npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill skill-creator
```

## Current Skills

<!-- Add here each skill you use with: npx skills add <owner/repo> --skill <name> -->

### Base Skills (All Data Engineers)

| Skill | Purpose | Installation command |
|-------|---------|---------------------|
| find-skills | Find skills | `npx skills add vercel-labs/skills --skill find-skills` |
| skill-creator | Create skills | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill skill-creator` |

### Data Engineering Skills 🔴 High Priority

| Skill | Purpose | Installation command |
|-------|---------|---------------------|
| doc-coauthoring | Data pipeline docs, ETL documentation, data architecture specs, schema docs | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill doc-coauthoring` |
| xlsx | Pipeline inventory, data quality metrics, ETL schedules, data lineage tracking | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill xlsx` |
| data-visualization | Pipeline monitoring, data quality dashboards, ETL performance metrics | `npx skills add 1nference-sh/skills --skill data-visualization` |

### Documentation Skills 🟡 Medium Priority

| Skill | Purpose | Installation command |
|-------|---------|---------------------|
| technical-blog-writing | Data engineering best practices, ETL patterns, pipeline optimization guides | `npx skills add 1nference-sh/skills --skill technical-blog-writing` |

## Rule: Add Used Skills

**Every time you use a new skill, add it to the "Current Skills" table.**

Examples of skills to search for:
- `npx skills find etl`
- `npx skills find data-pipeline`
- `npx skills find apache-spark`
