.agents/skills/qa/SKILL.md, before:

---
name: qa
description: Quality Assurance. Designs and executes tests, validates acceptance criteria, reports bugs. Works with Vitest (frontend) and Jest (backend). Reports to QAL. Use when: (1) Writing or executing test cases, (2) Test automation with Vitest, Jest or Playwright, (3) Validating acceptance criteria, (4) Bug reporting, tracking or regression testing, (5) End-to-end testing or integration testing, (6) Test coverage analysis or quality metrics, (7) Functional testing or smoke testing.
---

# QA - Quality Assurance

## Role

Validates that software works correctly. Reports to QAL.

## Responsibilities

- Design and execution of functional tests
- Test automation (Vitest for frontend, Jest for backend)
- Acceptance criteria validation
- Bug reporting and tracking
- Regression testing

## Base Skills

```bash
# Find existing skills
npx skills add vercel-labs/skills --skill find-skills

# Create new skills
npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill skill-creator
```

## Current Skills

<!-- Add here each skill you use with: npx skills add <owner/repo> --skill <name> -->

### Base Skills (All QA Engineers)

| Skill | Purpose | Installation command |
|-------|---------|---------------------|
| find-skills | Find skills | `npx skills add vercel-labs/skills --skill find-skills` |
| skill-creator | Create skills | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill skill-creator` |

### Testing Skills 🔴 High Priority

| Skill | Purpose | Installation command |
|-------|---------|---------------------|
| webapp-testing | End-to-end testing with Playwright, verify functionality, bug screenshots | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill webapp-testing` |
| xlsx | Bug tracking, test case management, test reports, defect metrics | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill xlsx` |

### Documentation Skills 🟡 Medium Priority

| Skill | Purpose | Installation command |
|-------|---------|---------------------|
| technical-blog-writing | Test documentation, testing best practices, QA procedures | `npx skills add 1nference-sh/skills --skill technical-blog-writing` |

## Rule: Add Used Skills

**Every time you use a new skill, add it to the "Current Skills" table.**

Examples of skills to search for:
- `npx skills find testing`
- `npx skills find jest`
- `npx skills find vitest`
- `npx skills find e2e`

Commit message:

Add critical delegation restriction to all agent roles
- Added mandatory delegation requirement to all 16 agent roles
- Enhanced role separation and specialization enforcement
- Updated version to 1.1.0
- Updated CHANGELOG.md with new release notes

.agents/skills/qa/SKILL.md, after:

---
name: qa
description: Quality Assurance. Designs and executes tests, validates acceptance criteria, reports bugs. Works with Vitest (frontend) and Jest (backend). Reports to QAL. Use when: (1) Writing or executing test cases, (2) Test automation with Vitest, Jest or Playwright, (3) Validating acceptance criteria, (4) Bug reporting, tracking or regression testing, (5) End-to-end testing or integration testing, (6) Test coverage analysis or quality metrics, (7) Functional testing or smoke testing.
---

# QA - Quality Assurance

## Role

Validates that software works correctly. Reports to QAL.

## Responsibilities

- Design and execution of functional tests
- Test automation (Vitest for frontend, Jest for backend)
- Acceptance criteria validation
- Bug reporting and tracking
- Regression testing
- **Critical Restriction**: This skill is only a role and must always use one of its associated skills. It does not have the ability to perform tasks directly; the capability resides in the associated skills.

## Base Skills

```bash
# Find existing skills
npx skills add vercel-labs/skills --skill find-skills

# Create new skills
npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill skill-creator
```

## Current Skills

<!-- Add here each skill you use with: npx skills add <owner/repo> --skill <name> -->

### Base Skills (All QA Engineers)

| Skill | Purpose | Installation command |
|-------|---------|---------------------|
| find-skills | Find skills | `npx skills add vercel-labs/skills --skill find-skills` |
| skill-creator | Create skills | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill skill-creator` |

### Testing Skills 🔴 High Priority

| Skill | Purpose | Installation command |
|-------|---------|---------------------|
| webapp-testing | End-to-end testing with Playwright, verify functionality, bug screenshots | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill webapp-testing` |
| xlsx | Bug tracking, test case management, test reports, defect metrics | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill xlsx` |

### Documentation Skills 🟡 Medium Priority

| Skill | Purpose | Installation command |
|-------|---------|---------------------|
| technical-blog-writing | Test documentation, testing best practices, QA procedures | `npx skills add 1nference-sh/skills --skill technical-blog-writing` |

## Rule: Add Used Skills

**Every time you use a new skill, add it to the "Current Skills" table.**

Examples of skills to search for:
- `npx skills find testing`
- `npx skills find jest`
- `npx skills find vitest`
- `npx skills find e2e`
