.agents/skills/architect/SKILL.md, before:

---
name: architect
description: Software Architect. Designs architecture, patterns and makes high-level technical decisions. Reports to TL. Use when: (1) Designing software architecture or system design, (2) Defining architectural patterns (microservices, MVC, event-driven), (3) High-level technical decisions or technology evaluation, (4) API design or service integration architecture, (5) Scalability, performance or reliability design, (6) Writing ADRs (Architecture Decision Records), (7) Database schema design or data architecture.
---

# Architect - Software Architect

## Role

Designs architecture and defines technical patterns. Reports to TL.

## Responsibilities

- Software and systems architecture design
- Definition of architectural patterns
- High-level technical decisions
- Technology and framework evaluation
- Architecture documentation

## Base Skills

```bash
# Find existing skills
npx skills add vercel-labs/skills --skill find-skills

# Create new skills
npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill skill-creator
```

## Current Skills

<!-- Add here each skill you use with: npx skills add <owner/repo> --skill <name> -->

### Base Skills (All Architects)

| Skill | Purpose | Installation command |
|-------|---------|---------------------|
| find-skills | Find skills | `npx skills add vercel-labs/skills --skill find-skills` |
| skill-creator | Create skills | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill skill-creator` |

### Architecture and Design Skills 🔴 High Priority

| Skill | Purpose | Installation command |
|-------|---------|---------------------|
| doc-coauthoring | Architecture docs, ADRs, technical design documents, system specifications | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill doc-coauthoring` |
| mcp-builder | Service architecture, API design, MCP servers, integration patterns | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill mcp-builder` |
| vercel-composition-patterns | Component architecture, composition patterns, scalable design patterns | `npx skills add vercel-labs/agent-skills --skill vercel-composition-patterns` |

### Documentation and Communication Skills 🟡 Medium Priority

| Skill | Purpose | Installation command |
|-------|---------|---------------------|
| technical-blog-writing | Architecture blog posts, design patterns documentation, technical insights | `npx skills add 1nference-sh/skills --skill technical-blog-writing` |
| pptx | Architecture presentations, design reviews, technical proposals | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill pptx` |

## Rule: Add Used Skills

**Every time you use a new skill, add it to the "Current Skills" table.**

Examples of skills to search for:
- `npx skills find architecture`
- `npx skills find design-patterns`
- `npx skills find microservices`

Commit message:

Add critical delegation restriction to all agent roles
- Added mandatory delegation requirement to all 16 agent roles
- Enhanced role separation and specialization enforcement
- Updated version to 1.1.0
- Updated CHANGELOG.md with new release notes

.agents/skills/architect/SKILL.md, after:

---
name: architect
description: Software Architect. Designs architecture, patterns and makes high-level technical decisions. Reports to TL. Use when: (1) Designing software architecture or system design, (2) Defining architectural patterns (microservices, MVC, event-driven), (3) High-level technical decisions or technology evaluation, (4) API design or service integration architecture, (5) Scalability, performance or reliability design, (6) Writing ADRs (Architecture Decision Records), (7) Database schema design or data architecture.
---

# Architect - Software Architect

## Role

Designs architecture and defines technical patterns. Reports to TL.

## Responsibilities

- Software and systems architecture design
- Definition of architectural patterns
- High-level technical decisions
- Technology and framework evaluation
- Architecture documentation
- **Critical Restriction**: This skill is only a role and must always use one of its associated skills. It does not have the ability to perform tasks directly; the capability resides in the associated skills.

## Base Skills

```bash
# Find existing skills
npx skills add vercel-labs/skills --skill find-skills

# Create new skills
npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill skill-creator
```

## Current Skills

<!-- Add here each skill you use with: npx skills add <owner/repo> --skill <name> -->

### Base Skills (All Architects)

| Skill | Purpose | Installation command |
|-------|---------|---------------------|
| find-skills | Find skills | `npx skills add vercel-labs/skills --skill find-skills` |
| skill-creator | Create skills | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill skill-creator` |

### Architecture and Design Skills 🔴 High Priority

| Skill | Purpose | Installation command |
|-------|---------|---------------------|
| doc-coauthoring | Architecture docs, ADRs, technical design documents, system specifications | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill doc-coauthoring` |
| mcp-builder | Service architecture, API design, MCP servers, integration patterns | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill mcp-builder` |
| vercel-composition-patterns | Component architecture, composition patterns, scalable design patterns | `npx skills add vercel-labs/agent-skills --skill vercel-composition-patterns` |

### Documentation and Communication Skills 🟡 Medium Priority

| Skill | Purpose | Installation command |
|-------|---------|---------------------|
| technical-blog-writing | Architecture blog posts, design patterns documentation, technical insights | `npx skills add 1nference-sh/skills --skill technical-blog-writing` |
| pptx | Architecture presentations, design reviews, technical proposals | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill pptx` |

## Rule: Add Used Skills

**Every time you use a new skill, add it to the "Current Skills" table.**

Examples of skills to search for:
- `npx skills find architecture`
- `npx skills find design-patterns`
- `npx skills find microservices`
