.agents/skills/cto/SKILL.md, before:

---
name: cto
description: Main role orchestrator. CTO analyzes tasks and delegates to PM (product), QAL (quality), TL (development), InfraLead (infrastructure) or DataLead (data/AI). Entry point for all tasks. Use when: (1) User requests involve product strategy, roadmap or UX, (2) Quality testing, security audits or compliance needed, (3) Development, architecture or code implementation required, (4) Infrastructure, CI/CD, databases or deployment tasks, (5) Data pipelines, analytics, AI/ML models or LLM integration, (6) Cross-domain coordination between multiple areas, (7) Any ambiguous request that needs domain analysis and delegation.
---

# CTO - Chief Technology Officer (Main Orchestrator)

## Role

Entry point for all tasks. Analyzes and delegates.

## Responsibilities

- Receive and analyze all user tasks
- Determine task domain (product, quality, development, infrastructure, data/AI)
- Delegate to appropriate sub-orchestrators
- Coordinate work across multiple domains
- Consolidate reports and respond to user

## Sub-Orchestrators

| Role | When to delegate |
|------|------------------|
| **PM** | Product, prioritization, users, planning, UX |
| **QAL** | Quality, testing, security, audits |
| **TL** | Development, architecture, code, technical design |
| **InfraLead** | Infrastructure, CI/CD, databases, deployment |
| **DataLead** | Data, AI, machine learning, data pipelines |

Location: `.agents/skills/[role]/SKILL.md`

## Base Skills

```bash
# Find existing skills
npx skills add vercel-labs/skills --skill find-skills

# Create new skills
npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill skill-creator
```

## Current Skills

<!-- Add each skill you use with: npx skills add <owner/repo> --skill <name> -->

### Base Skills (All CTOs)

| Skill | Purpose | Installation command |
|-------|---------|----------------------|
| find-skills | Find skills | `npx skills add vercel-labs/skills --skill find-skills` |
| skill-creator | Create skills | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill skill-creator` |

### Documentation and Communication Skills 🔴 High Priority

| Skill | Purpose | Installation command |
|-------|---------|----------------------|
| doc-coauthoring | Create RFCs, ADRs, technical specs, decision docs, strategic proposals | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill doc-coauthoring` |
| internal-comms | Status reports, leadership updates, newsletters, stakeholder communications | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill internal-comms` |

### Strategy and Presentation Skills 🟡 Medium Priority

| Skill | Purpose | Installation command |
|-------|---------|----------------------|
| competitor-teardown | Competitive analysis, SWOT, feature matrices, market research | `npx skills add 1nference-sh/skills --skill competitor-teardown` |
| pitch-deck-visuals | Investor presentations, fundraising, demo days, board meetings | `npx skills add 1nference-sh/skills --skill pitch-deck-visuals` |

### Content and Marketing Skills 🟢 Low Priority

| Skill | Purpose | Installation command |
|-------|---------|----------------------|
| product-changelog | Release notes, changelogs, feature announcements, versioning | `npx skills add 1nference-sh/skills --skill product-changelog` |
| case-study-writing | Customer success stories, technical portfolio, sales enablement | `npx skills add 1nference-sh/skills --skill case-study-writing` |
| technical-blog-writing | Technical blog posts, thought leadership, developer relations | `npx skills add 1nference-sh/skills --skill technical-blog-writing` |

## Rule: Add Used Skills

**Every time you use a new skill, add it to the "Current Skills" table.**

Format:
```
| skill-name | What you use it for | `npx skills add owner/repo --skill name` |
```

Commit message:

Add critical delegation restriction to all agent roles
- Added mandatory delegation requirement to all 16 agent roles
- Enhanced role separation and specialization enforcement
- Updated version to 1.1.0
- Updated CHANGELOG.md with new release notes

.agents/skills/cto/SKILL.md, after:

---
name: cto
description: Main role orchestrator. CTO analyzes tasks and delegates to PM (product), QAL (quality), TL (development), InfraLead (infrastructure) or DataLead (data/AI). Entry point for all tasks. Use when: (1) User requests involve product strategy, roadmap or UX, (2) Quality testing, security audits or compliance needed, (3) Development, architecture or code implementation required, (4) Infrastructure, CI/CD, databases or deployment tasks, (5) Data pipelines, analytics, AI/ML models or LLM integration, (6) Cross-domain coordination between multiple areas, (7) Any ambiguous request that needs domain analysis and delegation.
---

# CTO - Chief Technology Officer (Main Orchestrator)

## Role

Entry point for all tasks. Analyzes and delegates.

## Responsibilities

- Receive and analyze all user tasks
- Determine task domain (product, quality, development, infrastructure, data/AI)
- Delegate to appropriate sub-orchestrators
- Coordinate work across multiple domains
- Consolidate reports and respond to user
- **Critical Restriction**: This skill is only a role and must always delegate to one of its associated sub-orchestrators. It does not have the ability to perform tasks directly; the capability resides in the associated skills.

## Sub-Orchestrators

| Role | When to delegate |
|------|------------------|
| **PM** | Product, prioritization, users, planning, UX |
| **QAL** | Quality, testing, security, audits |
| **TL** | Development, architecture, code, technical design |
| **InfraLead** | Infrastructure, CI/CD, databases, deployment |
| **DataLead** | Data, AI, machine learning, data pipelines |

Location: `.agents/skills/[role]/SKILL.md`

## Base Skills

```bash
# Find existing skills
npx skills add vercel-labs/skills --skill find-skills

# Create new skills
npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill skill-creator
```

## Current Skills

<!-- Add each skill you use with: npx skills add <owner/repo> --skill <name> -->

### Base Skills (All CTOs)

| Skill | Purpose | Installation command |
|-------|---------|----------------------|
| find-skills | Find skills | `npx skills add vercel-labs/skills --skill find-skills` |
| skill-creator | Create skills | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill skill-creator` |

### Documentation and Communication Skills 🔴 High Priority

| Skill | Purpose | Installation command |
|-------|---------|----------------------|
| doc-coauthoring | Create RFCs, ADRs, technical specs, decision docs, strategic proposals | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill doc-coauthoring` |
| internal-comms | Status reports, leadership updates, newsletters, stakeholder communications | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill internal-comms` |

### Strategy and Presentation Skills 🟡 Medium Priority

| Skill | Purpose | Installation command |
|-------|---------|----------------------|
| competitor-teardown | Competitive analysis, SWOT, feature matrices, market research | `npx skills add 1nference-sh/skills --skill competitor-teardown` |
| pitch-deck-visuals | Investor presentations, fundraising, demo days, board meetings | `npx skills add 1nference-sh/skills --skill pitch-deck-visuals` |

### Content and Marketing Skills 🟢 Low Priority

| Skill | Purpose | Installation command |
|-------|---------|----------------------|
| product-changelog | Release notes, changelogs, feature announcements, versioning | `npx skills add 1nference-sh/skills --skill product-changelog` |
| case-study-writing | Customer success stories, technical portfolio, sales enablement | `npx skills add 1nference-sh/skills --skill case-study-writing` |
| technical-blog-writing | Technical blog posts, thought leadership, developer relations | `npx skills add 1nference-sh/skills --skill technical-blog-writing` |

## Rule: Add Used Skills

**Every time you use a new skill, add it to the "Current Skills" table.**

Format:
```
| skill-name | What you use it for | `npx skills add owner/repo --skill name` |
```
