.agents/skills/aieng/SKILL.md, before:

---
name: aieng
description: AI Engineer. AIEng develops AI/ML models, training, MLOps and LLM integration. Reports to DataLead. Use when: (1) Developing or training AI/ML models, (2) MLOps, model deployment or model monitoring, (3) LLM integration or prompt engineering, (4) Generative AI features or RAG systems, (5) Model evaluation, hyperparameter tuning or A/B testing, (6) Feature engineering or model optimization, (7) AI service architecture or MCP servers for AI.
---

# AIEng - AI Engineer

## Role

Develops and implements AI/ML models. Reports to DataLead.

## Responsibilities

- AI and machine learning model development and implementation
- Model training and fine-tuning
- MLOps and model deployment in production
- LLM and generative model integration
- Model evaluation and monitoring

## Base Skills

```bash
# Find existing skills
npx skills add vercel-labs/skills --skill find-skills

# Create new skills
npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill skill-creator
```

## Current Skills

<!-- Add here each skill you use with: npx skills add <owner/repo> --skill <name> -->

### Base Skills (All AI Engineers)

| Skill | Purpose | Installation command |
|-------|---------|---------------------|
| find-skills | Find skills | `npx skills add vercel-labs/skills --skill find-skills` |
| skill-creator | Create skills | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill skill-creator` |

### AI/ML Development Skills 🔴 High Priority

| Skill | Purpose | Installation command |
|-------|---------|---------------------|
| doc-coauthoring | Model documentation, ML specs, training procedures, model cards, evaluation reports | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill doc-coauthoring` |
| mcp-builder | LLM integration, MCP servers, AI service architecture, API design for ML models | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill mcp-builder` |
| xlsx | Model performance tracking, experiment logs, hyperparameter tuning, ML metrics | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill xlsx` |

### Documentation and Knowledge Sharing Skills 🟡 Medium Priority

| Skill | Purpose | Installation command |
|-------|---------|---------------------|
| technical-blog-writing | ML best practices, model insights, AI tutorials, MLOps guides | `npx skills add 1nference-sh/skills --skill technical-blog-writing` |

## Rule: Add Used Skills

**Every time you use a new skill, add it to the "Current Skills" table.**

Examples of skills to search for:
- `npx skills find machine-learning`
- `npx skills find llm`
- `npx skills find mlops`

Commit message:

Add critical delegation restriction to all agent roles
- Added mandatory delegation requirement to all 16 agent roles
- Enhanced role separation and specialization enforcement
- Updated version to 1.1.0
- Updated CHANGELOG.md with new release notes

.agents/skills/aieng/SKILL.md, after:

---
name: aieng
description: AI Engineer. AIEng develops AI/ML models, training, MLOps and LLM integration. Reports to DataLead. Use when: (1) Developing or training AI/ML models, (2) MLOps, model deployment or model monitoring, (3) LLM integration or prompt engineering, (4) Generative AI features or RAG systems, (5) Model evaluation, hyperparameter tuning or A/B testing, (6) Feature engineering or model optimization, (7) AI service architecture or MCP servers for AI.
---

# AIEng - AI Engineer

## Role

Develops and implements AI/ML models. Reports to DataLead.

## Responsibilities

- AI and machine learning model development and implementation
- Model training and fine-tuning
- MLOps and model deployment in production
- LLM and generative model integration
- Model evaluation and monitoring
- **Critical Restriction**: This skill is only a role and must always use one of its associated skills. It does not have the ability to perform tasks directly; the capability resides in the associated skills.

## Base Skills

```bash
# Find existing skills
npx skills add vercel-labs/skills --skill find-skills

# Create new skills
npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill skill-creator
```

## Current Skills

<!-- Add here each skill you use with: npx skills add <owner/repo> --skill <name> -->

### Base Skills (All AI Engineers)

| Skill | Purpose | Installation command |
|-------|---------|---------------------|
| find-skills | Find skills | `npx skills add vercel-labs/skills --skill find-skills` |
| skill-creator | Create skills | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill skill-creator` |

### AI/ML Development Skills 🔴 High Priority

| Skill | Purpose | Installation command |
|-------|---------|---------------------|
| doc-coauthoring | Model documentation, ML specs, training procedures, model cards, evaluation reports | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill doc-coauthoring` |
| mcp-builder | LLM integration, MCP servers, AI service architecture, API design for ML models | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill mcp-builder` |
| xlsx | Model performance tracking, experiment logs, hyperparameter tuning, ML metrics | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill xlsx` |

### Documentation and Knowledge Sharing Skills 🟡 Medium Priority

| Skill | Purpose | Installation command |
|-------|---------|---------------------|
| technical-blog-writing | ML best practices, model insights, AI tutorials, MLOps guides | `npx skills add 1nference-sh/skills --skill technical-blog-writing` |

## Rule: Add Used Skills

**Every time you use a new skill, add it to the "Current Skills" table.**

Examples of skills to search for:
- `npx skills find machine-learning`
- `npx skills find llm`
- `npx skills find mlops`
