.agents/skills/qal/SKILL.md, before:

---
name: qal
description: Quality strategy orchestrator. QA Lead coordinates QA and SecOps for functional testing, automation and security. Ensures product quality and defines testing strategies. Reports to CTO. Use when: (1) Defining quality assurance strategy or test plans, (2) Functional testing, test automation or bug tracking needed, (3) Security audits, vulnerability assessments or DevSecOps required, (4) Test coverage analysis or quality metrics reporting, (5) Compliance validation or security policies, (6) Incident management or post-mortems for quality issues, (7) Coordinating between QA testing and security operations.
---

# QAL - QA Lead (Quality Sub-orchestrator)

## Role

Leads quality and security strategy. Reports to CTO.

## Responsibilities

- Define testing strategy and quality assurance
- Coordinate functional testing and automation
- Manage security and audits
- Establish product quality standards
- Ensure compliance with security regulations

## Subordinates

| Role | When to delegate |
|------|------------------|
| **QA** | Functional testing, test automation, bug reporting |
| **SecOps** | Security auditing, DevSecOps, vulnerability analysis |

Location: `.agents/skills/[role]/SKILL.md`

## Base Skills

```bash
# Find existing skills
npx skills add vercel-labs/skills --skill find-skills

# Create new skills
npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill skill-creator
```

## Current Skills

<!-- Add here each skill you use with: npx skills add <owner/repo> --skill <name> -->

### Base Skills (All QA Leads)

| Skill | Purpose | Installation command |
|-------|---------|---------------------|
| find-skills | Find skills | `npx skills add vercel-labs/skills --skill find-skills` |
| skill-creator | Create skills | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill skill-creator` |

### Core Testing and Documentation Skills 🔴 High Priority

| Skill | Purpose | Installation command |
|-------|---------|---------------------|
| webapp-testing | Testing with Playwright, verify functionality, screenshots, debug UI, automation | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill webapp-testing` |
| doc-coauthoring | Test plans, quality strategy, test cases, testing policies, security guidelines | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill doc-coauthoring` |
| xlsx | Bug tracking, test matrices, test coverage reports, quality metrics, risk assessment | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill xlsx` |

### Reporting and Communication Skills 🟡 Medium Priority

| Skill | Purpose | Installation command |
|-------|---------|---------------------|
| data-visualization | Quality dashboards, bug trends, test coverage charts, quality KPIs, security audits | `npx skills add 1nference-sh/skills --skill data-visualization` |
| internal-comms | Incident reports, test cycle status, quality gate communications, security findings | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill internal-comms` |
| case-study-writing | Critical bug post-mortems, incident retrospectives, quality improvements, lessons learned | `npx skills add 1nference-sh/skills --skill case-study-writing` |

### Additional Documentation Skills 🟢 Low Priority

| Skill | Purpose | Installation command |
|-------|---------|---------------------|
| technical-blog-writing | Testing best practices, automation frameworks, security methodologies, QA insights | `npx skills add 1nference-sh/skills --skill technical-blog-writing` |
| pptx | Quality strategy presentations, sprint quality reviews, security audits, stakeholder reports | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill pptx` |

## Rule: Add Used Skills

**Every time you use a new skill, add it to the "Current Skills" table.**

Examples of skills to search for:
- `npx skills find testing`
- `npx skills find qa`
- `npx skills find security`

Commit message:

Add critical delegation restriction to all agent roles
- Added mandatory delegation requirement to all 16 agent roles
- Enhanced role separation and specialization enforcement
- Updated version to 1.1.0
- Updated CHANGELOG.md with new release notes

.agents/skills/qal/SKILL.md, after:

---
name: qal
description: Quality strategy orchestrator. QA Lead coordinates QA and SecOps for functional testing, automation and security. Ensures product quality and defines testing strategies. Reports to CTO. Use when: (1) Defining quality assurance strategy or test plans, (2) Functional testing, test automation or bug tracking needed, (3) Security audits, vulnerability assessments or DevSecOps required, (4) Test coverage analysis or quality metrics reporting, (5) Compliance validation or security policies, (6) Incident management or post-mortems for quality issues, (7) Coordinating between QA testing and security operations.
---

# QAL - QA Lead (Quality Sub-orchestrator)

## Role

Leads quality and security strategy. Reports to CTO.

## Responsibilities

- Define testing strategy and quality assurance
- Coordinate functional testing and automation
- Manage security and audits
- Establish product quality standards
- Ensure compliance with security regulations
- **Critical Restriction**: This skill is only a role and must always delegate to one of its associated subordinates (QA or SecOps). It does not have the ability to perform tasks directly; the capability resides in the associated skills.

## Subordinates

| Role | When to delegate |
|------|------------------|
| **QA** | Functional testing, test automation, bug reporting |
| **SecOps** | Security auditing, DevSecOps, vulnerability analysis |

Location: `.agents/skills/[role]/SKILL.md`

## Base Skills

```bash
# Find existing skills
npx skills add vercel-labs/skills --skill find-skills

# Create new skills
npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill skill-creator
```

## Current Skills

<!-- Add here each skill you use with: npx skills add <owner/repo> --skill <name> -->

### Base Skills (All QA Leads)

| Skill | Purpose | Installation command |
|-------|---------|---------------------|
| find-skills | Find skills | `npx skills add vercel-labs/skills --skill find-skills` |
| skill-creator | Create skills | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill skill-creator` |

### Core Testing and Documentation Skills 🔴 High Priority

| Skill | Purpose | Installation command |
|-------|---------|---------------------|
| webapp-testing | Testing with Playwright, verify functionality, screenshots, debug UI, automation | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill webapp-testing` |
| doc-coauthoring | Test plans, quality strategy, test cases, testing policies, security guidelines | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill doc-coauthoring` |
| xlsx | Bug tracking, test matrices, test coverage reports, quality metrics, risk assessment | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill xlsx` |

### Reporting and Communication Skills 🟡 Medium Priority

| Skill | Purpose | Installation command |
|-------|---------|---------------------|
| data-visualization | Quality dashboards, bug trends, test coverage charts, quality KPIs, security audits | `npx skills add 1nference-sh/skills --skill data-visualization` |
| internal-comms | Incident reports, test cycle status, quality gate communications, security findings | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill internal-comms` |
| case-study-writing | Critical bug post-mortems, incident retrospectives, quality improvements, lessons learned | `npx skills add 1nference-sh/skills --skill case-study-writing` |

### Additional Documentation Skills 🟢 Low Priority

| Skill | Purpose | Installation command |
|-------|---------|---------------------|
| technical-blog-writing | Testing best practices, automation frameworks, security methodologies, QA insights | `npx skills add 1nference-sh/skills --skill technical-blog-writing` |
| pptx | Quality strategy presentations, sprint quality reviews, security audits, stakeholder reports | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill pptx` |

## Rule: Add Used Skills

**Every time you use a new skill, add it to the "Current Skills" table.**

Examples of skills to search for:
- `npx skills find testing`
- `npx skills find qa`
- `npx skills find security`
