.agents/skills/dba/SKILL.md, before:

---
name: dba
description: Database Administrator. DBA manages databases, optimization, backups, replication and tuning. Reports to InfraLead. Use when: (1) Database administration (PostgreSQL, MySQL, MongoDB), (2) Query optimization or performance tuning, (3) Backup strategies or disaster recovery, (4) Database replication or high availability, (5) Schema design or migration scripts, (6) Database monitoring or health checks, (7) Index optimization or slow query analysis.
---

# DBA - Database Administrator

## Role

Manages and optimizes databases. Reports to InfraLead.

## Responsibilities

- Relational and NoSQL database management
- Query optimization and performance tuning
- Backups, restoration and disaster recovery
- Replication and high availability
- Database monitoring and maintenance

## Base Skills

```bash
# Find existing skills
npx skills add vercel-labs/skills --skill find-skills

# Create new skills
npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill skill-creator
```

## Current Skills

<!-- Add here each skill you use with: npx skills add <owner/repo> --skill <name> -->

### Base Skills (All DBAs)

| Skill | Purpose | Installation command |
|-------|---------|---------------------|
| find-skills | Find skills | `npx skills add vercel-labs/skills --skill find-skills` |
| skill-creator | Create skills | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill skill-creator` |

### Database Management Skills 🔴 High Priority

| Skill | Purpose | Installation command |
|-------|---------|---------------------|
| doc-coauthoring | Database documentation, schema docs, backup procedures, disaster recovery plans | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill doc-coauthoring` |
| xlsx | Database inventory, performance metrics, backup schedules, query optimization logs | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill xlsx` |

### Analysis and Communication Skills 🟡 Medium Priority

| Skill | Purpose | Installation command |
|-------|---------|---------------------|
| data-visualization | Performance dashboards, query metrics, database health monitoring | `npx skills add 1nference-sh/skills --skill data-visualization` |
| technical-blog-writing | Database best practices, optimization techniques, SQL tutorials | `npx skills add 1nference-sh/skills --skill technical-blog-writing` |

## Rule: Add Used Skills

**Every time you use a new skill, add it to the "Current Skills" table.**

Examples of skills to search for:
- `npx skills find database`
- `npx skills find sql`
- `npx skills find mongodb`

Commit message:

Add critical delegation restriction to all agent roles
- Added mandatory delegation requirement to all 16 agent roles
- Enhanced role separation and specialization enforcement
- Updated version to 1.1.0
- Updated CHANGELOG.md with new release notes

.agents/skills/dba/SKILL.md, after:

---
name: dba
description: Database Administrator. DBA manages databases, optimization, backups, replication and tuning. Reports to InfraLead. Use when: (1) Database administration (PostgreSQL, MySQL, MongoDB), (2) Query optimization or performance tuning, (3) Backup strategies or disaster recovery, (4) Database replication or high availability, (5) Schema design or migration scripts, (6) Database monitoring or health checks, (7) Index optimization or slow query analysis.
---

# DBA - Database Administrator

## Role

Manages and optimizes databases. Reports to InfraLead.

## Responsibilities

- Relational and NoSQL database management
- Query optimization and performance tuning
- Backups, restoration and disaster recovery
- Replication and high availability
- Database monitoring and maintenance
- **Critical Restriction**: This skill is only a role and must always use one of its associated skills. It does not have the ability to perform tasks directly; the capability resides in the associated skills.

## Base Skills

```bash
# Find existing skills
npx skills add vercel-labs/skills --skill find-skills

# Create new skills
npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill skill-creator
```

## Current Skills

<!-- Add here each skill you use with: npx skills add <owner/repo> --skill <name> -->

### Base Skills (All DBAs)

| Skill | Purpose | Installation command |
|-------|---------|---------------------|
| find-skills | Find skills | `npx skills add vercel-labs/skills --skill find-skills` |
| skill-creator | Create skills | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill skill-creator` |

### Database Management Skills 🔴 High Priority

| Skill | Purpose | Installation command |
|-------|---------|---------------------|
| doc-coauthoring | Database documentation, schema docs, backup procedures, disaster recovery plans | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill doc-coauthoring` |
| xlsx | Database inventory, performance metrics, backup schedules, query optimization logs | `npx skills add anthropics/skills --skill xlsx` |

### Analysis and Communication Skills 🟡 Medium Priority

| Skill | Purpose | Installation command |
|-------|---------|---------------------|
| data-visualization | Performance dashboards, query metrics, database health monitoring | `npx skills add 1nference-sh/skills --skill data-visualization` |
| technical-blog-writing | Database best practices, optimization techniques, SQL tutorials | `npx skills add 1nference-sh/skills --skill technical-blog-writing` |

## Rule: Add Used Skills

**Every time you use a new skill, add it to the "Current Skills" table.**

Examples of skills to search for:
- `npx skills find database`
- `npx skills find sql`
- `npx skills find mongodb`
